refactor: crisp sdk [skip-line-limit] (#1055)
gnosisguild/enclave: examples/CRISP/packages/crisp-sdk/README.md

# CRISP SDK

> TypeScript SDK for interacting with CRISP (Cryptographically Secure and Private voting protocol) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript SDK for interacting with CRISP (Coercion-Resistant Impartial Selection Protocol) and
```
